README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# EasyQualtrics

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of EasyQualtrics is to enable a user to easily import .csv
files exported from Qualtrics into R and prepare those data sets for
analysis.

## Installation

You can install the development version of EasyQualtrics from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ssusnea/EasyQualtrics")
```

## Example

This is a basic example which shows you how to solve a common problem:

``` r
library(EasyQualtrics)
## basic example code
```

What is special about using `README.Rmd` instead of just `README.md`?
You can include R chunks like so:

``` r
summary(cars)
#>      speed           dist       
#>  Min.   : 4.0   Min.   :  2.00  
#>  1st Qu.:12.0   1st Qu.: 26.00  
#>  Median :15.0   Median : 36.00  
#>  Mean   :15.4   Mean   : 42.98  
#>  3rd Qu.:19.0   3rd Qu.: 56.00  
#>  Max.   :25.0   Max.   :120.00
```

You’ll still need to render `README.Rmd` regularly, to keep `README.md`
up-to-date. `devtools::build_readme()` is handy for this.

You can also embed plots, for example:

<img src="man/figures/README-pressure-1.png" width="100%" />

In that case, don’t forget to commit and push the resulting figure
files, so they display on GitHub and CRAN.

Commit message:

more modifications to readme and vignette

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# EasyQualtrics

<!-- badges: start -->
<!-- badges: end -->

The goal of EasyQualtrics is to enable a user to import .csv files
exported from Qualtrics into R and prepare those data sets for analysis
with ease.

## Installation

You can install the development version of EasyQualtrics from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ssusnea/EasyQualtrics")
```

## Importing a Qualtrics .csv

Given a file path for a .csv file, the `read_qualtrics` function imports
the .csv and prepares it for data analysis and visualization.

In the example below, the `file_path` variable is a stand in for a real
file path provided by the user.

``` r
library(EasyQualtrics)

file_path <- fs::path_package("extdata", "qualtrics_ex_data.csv", package = "EasyQualtrics")

mydata <- read_qualtrics(file_path)
#> Coerced following columns into Likert factors:
#> csat 
#> drivers_1 
#> drivers_2 
#> drivers_3 
#> drivers_4 
#> drivers_5 
#> drivers_6 
#> drivers_7 
#> drivers_8 
#> drivers_9 
#> drivers_10 
#> gender
```

From there the user analyze, wrangle, or visualize their Qualtrics data
as they would any other data set.
